docs(change-tracking|feature-flags): add enrichment suggestions (#33266)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/change_tracking/feature_flags.md

Send feature flag events from any provider using the [Events API][3]. Create a `change` category event and include a service tag to link the event to your service.

#### Recommended Tags

> When sending custom feature flag change events, we **strongly recommend** including the following fields to ensure accurate filtering, and cross-product correlation within Datadog:

Author: ```suggestion
When sending custom feature flag change events, it is **strongly recommended** to include the following fields to ensure accurate filtering, and cross-product correlation within Datadog:
```

> When sending custom feature flag change events, it is **strongly recommended** to include the following fields to ensure accurate filtering, and cross-product correlation within Datadog:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending custom feature flag change events, Datadog strongly recommends including the following fields to ensure accurate filtering, and cross-product correlation within Datadog:
```

Send feature flag events from any provider using the [Events API][3]. Create a `change` category event and include a service tag to link the event to your service.

#### Recommended tags

When sending custom feature flag change events, including the following fields ensures accurate filtering, and cross-product correlation within Datadog:

> - **impacted_resources** (with type service): Add the relevant service name to the `impacted_resources` array to associate the feature flag change with the service it affects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **impacted_resources** (with type service): Add the relevant service name to the `impacted_resources` array to associate the feature flag change with the affected service.
```

    span.set_tag("experiment_value", flag_value) # adds the evaluated flag value as a span tag
```

> ### Metrics Based Auto-Enrichment

Author: ```suggestion
### Metrics-based enrichment
```
